---
title: "2017"
permalink: /news-n-events/2017
description: ""
---
<p>Dear Pupils,<br /><br />This exercise is for Sec 2 pupils only. <br />Online Streaming Exercise &ndash;Dates to note:</p>
<div>&bull;<strong>Start date:</strong>&nbsp;From 8.00 a.m. Friday, 20 Oct.</div>
<div>&bull;<strong>End date:</strong>&nbsp;8.00 a.m., Wednesday, 25 Oct.</div>
<div>&bull;<strong>Result Release:</strong>&nbsp;10.00 a.m., Wednesday, 8 Nov.</div>
<div>&bull;Hardcopy form/ print out&nbsp;is to be&nbsp;handed in&nbsp;to your Form Teacher&nbsp;by 9.00 a.m. on Wednesday, 25 October.</div>
<p>&bull;<strong>MUST have parent&rsquo;s signature.</strong></p>
<p>If you have any questions, click the following guide:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong><a href="/files/Briefing%20for%20Sec%202E%20&%20NA%20Streaming%20Option%20Exercise_2017_sch%20website.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Guide for Sec 2 Express / Normal Academic</a></strong></li>
<li><strong><a href="/files/Briefing%20for%20Sec%202NT%20Streaming%20Option%20Exercise_2017_sch%20website.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Guide for Sec 2 Normal Technical</a></strong></li>
</ul>
<p>Click the following link to begin:<strong><a href="http://tinyurl.com/aiss-streamingex" target="">&nbsp;Sec 2 Streaming Option Form Website</a></strong><br /><br />- Ahmad Ibrahim Secondary School</p>
<hr>
<p>Dear Sec 1 - 3 Pupils,</p>
<p>The e-Learning day tasks can be accessed at&nbsp;<strong>AISS E-learning Day 2017 (<em>the link has closed</em>)</strong>. You will need your school assigned gmail account to login. An email, which contains the website link, will also be sent to your school gmail email account. (<strong><a href="https://accounts.google.com/AccountChooser?sacu=1&amp;continue=http://mail.aiss.edu.sg/&amp;hd=aiss.edu.sg#identifier" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Login to AISS Gmail</a></strong>)</p>
<p>You are expected to complete the tasks latest by 5pm. All email accounts will be captured by the system as evidence of completion of the tasks assigned.</p>
<p>The school computer laboratory 3 (Junior Block Level 1) will be opened for anyone without access to a computer or internet access.&nbsp;<strong><u>Opening hours will be from 8am to 2pm.</u></strong></p>
<p>If you face any technical difficulties, you can call the School General Office at 6758 5384 or Technical Hotline 6594 9026 for assistance. Kindly leave your name, class and a brief description of help required when you do so.</p>
<p>Please note that normal lessons will resume on Monday, 23 October 2017.</p>
<p>- Ahmad Ibrahim Secondary School</p>
<hr>
<p>Students will be dismissed from school at 1 pm on the following dates because of the preparation for the national examinations:</p>
<p><strong>12 Sep, 14 Sep, 19 Sep, 23 Oct, 24 Oct (12pm), 25 Oct, 26 Oct.</strong></p>
<p>- Ahmad Ibrahim Secondary School</p>
<hr>
<p>The school will be closed on 30 Aug 2017, from 11.30 am, for a staff event in celebration of Teachers&rsquo; Day.<br />Students will be dismissed at 10.30 am on that day after Teachers&rsquo; Day Celebration.</p>
<p>- Ahmad Ibrahim Secondary School</p>
<hr>
<p>The School will be closed on Monday, 3 July 2017 due to Youth Day.</p>
<p>- Ahmad Ibrahim Secondary School</p>
<hr>
<p>The School will be closed on Wednesday, 7 June 2017 for Staff Retreat. Normal school operation will resume on Thursday, 8 June 2017.</p>
<p>- Ahmad Ibrahim Secondary School</p>
<hr>
<p>Dear Students,</p>
<p>Click the following link to begin your E-Learning Day's assignments.</p>
<p><strong>&lt;&lt; E-Learning Day Website&gt;&gt;*</strong></p>
<p><em>*the link is closed</em></p>
<hr>
<p>Dear Alumni,</p>
<p>If you are collecting your SGC Certificates and Year Book on 13 Apr 2017, please do so on another day.<br />The office staff will be very engaged in the Achievement Day event.</p>
<p>We thank you for your understanding</p>
<p>- Ahmad Ibrahim Secondary School</p>
<hr>
