---
title: "2020"
permalink: /news-n-events/2020
description: ""
---
<h4><strong>Letter to Parents on Arrangement of schools after Circuit Breaker (22 May 2020)</strong></h4>
<p>Dear Parents/Guardians,</p>
<p>With the end of the Circuit Breaker period on 1 June 2020, we will progressively bring students back to school from 2 June 2020, in a careful and safe manner.</p>
<p>From 2 June 2020, our graduating students and students who need additional support will return to school daily. The other levels will rotate weekly between Home-Based Learning (HBL) and returning to school for lessons. The school will ensure that safe management measures are in place to keep our students safe. Click&nbsp;<strong><a href="/files/Letter%20to%20Parents%20on%20Arrangement%20of%20schools%20after%20Circuit%20Breaker.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener">here</a>&nbsp;</strong>for more details on the measures and arrangements.</p>
<p>Our teachers will continue to monitor the progress of your child and be in regular contact with you and your child to provide support during this transition. MOE will continue to closely monitor the COVID-19 situation. We urge you to rely on official sources of information and not to circulate any unconfirmed information. You may also refer to MOE&rsquo;s Press Release here.</p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.moe.gov.sg/news/press-releases/arrangements-for-schools-and-institutes-of-higher-learning-at-the-end-of-circuit-breaker" target="_blank" rel="noopener">https://www.moe.gov.sg/news/press-releases/arrangements-for-schools-and-institutes-of-higher-learning-at-the-end-of-circuit-breaker</a></strong></p>
<p>Thank you and keep safe!</p>
<h4><strong>Back-to-School Transition Plan for Graduating Students</strong></h4>
<p>Dear Parents and Students of Sec 4 and 5,</p>
<p>The school has scheduled the graduating cohort to return for lessons from 19 May to 29 May. These are focused on the following areas:&nbsp;</p>
<p>(a) O Level Mother Tongue Language (MTL), given the O Level Examination on 18 June; and<br />(b) Practical/Coursework sessions requiring the use of school facilities that were previously curtailed due to full Home-Based Learning in April.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Please refer to the attached schedule that will stagger the start / end times across students groups to minimise inter-mingling. Do pay attention to the precautionary measures in force. These are to be strictly adhered to for the safety and well-being of all staff and students. We seek your understanding and cooperation on the matter.&nbsp;</p>
<p>In addition, when school reopens for Term 3 on 2 June, the focus will be on helping students close learning gaps. The O Level MTL Prelim Exam will be held on 5 Jun (Fri), and there are no lessons for that day. In place of the Mid-Year Exam, timed trials will be conducted during lessons in Weeks 2 and 3 to provide feedback on student learning and readiness. Teachers will inform students of the schedule when they are back.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The May holidays provide a meaningful time to recharge and revise. Please stay safe and we look forward to seeing the students soon.</p>
<p>For Graduating Student's May Schedule, please click&nbsp;<strong><a href="/files/May%20schedule%20(classes)%20v4_20200508%20(SafeEntry).pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener">here</a></strong></p>
<h4><strong>Cyberwellness News</strong></h4>
<p>Dear Parents,</p>
<ul>
<li>Are you worried about your child&rsquo;s increased screen time during this HBL?&nbsp;</li>
<li>Is your child really doing his/ her HBL or is he/ she playing games when you are not monitoring him/ her at home?&nbsp;</li>
<li>Is your child being cyber-bullied during this HBL period and not telling you about it?&nbsp;</li>
<li>Do you want to learn how to manage your child&rsquo;s mental wellness during this Circuit Breaker period?</li>
</ul>
<p>Fear not!&nbsp;<strong>TOUCH Community Services</strong>&nbsp;is sharing some links to some parenting and family &ndash;related resources with you. They are also preparing some&nbsp;<strong>complimentary webinars</strong>&nbsp;on how you can foster healthy digital habits together as a family, as well as how you can help your children in varied cyber wellness related issues (screen time, gaming, cyber bullying, inappropriate content, etc).&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Please read the following document with the embedded cyber wellness articles and join in the relevant webinars.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><a href="https://ahmadibrahimsec.moe.edu.sg/qql/slot/u529/News%20&amp;%20Events/2020/TOUCH%20Parenting%20Update%20(April%202020).pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener">TOUCH Parenting Update Newsletter</a></strong></p>
<p><strong>NB :</strong>&nbsp;<em>For the Free Evidence-based Online Parenting Programme &ndash; Triple P Online (TPOL), take note that Ahmad Ibrahim Secondary School&rsquo;s Parenting Support Provider (PSP) mentioned in the application form, is AMKFSC Community Services.</em></p>
<p>We hope that you and your child will benefit from the sharing.</p>
<h4><strong>School Meal Subsidies for Students on MOE Financial Assistance Scheme to Continue Till 1 June 2020</strong></h4>
<p>As announced on 3 May, students on MOE FAS will continue to receive meal subsidies of $120 during the extended circuit breaker (CB) period from 5 May to 1 June 2020.</p>
<p>MOE will disburse this via two top-ups ($60 each) credited to students&rsquo; School Smartcard (SSC) in the form of eVouchers. The eVouchers can be redeemed at any TransitLink Add Value Machines (AVM). Pls see Website link for locations of AVM and&nbsp;<strong><a href="/files/Annex%20A%201st%20June.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Annex A</a></strong>&nbsp;for guide on redemption process.</p>
<p><u>Redemption Period<br /></u>First top up : 5 May to 10 June 2020.<br />Second top-up : 8 May to 10 June 2020.</p>
<p>All eVouchers must be redeemed by 10 June 2020. There will be no extension of redemption period. Unutilised money will remain in students&rsquo; SSC.</p>
<p>The SSC can be used for purchases at certain stores &amp; hawker centres where stalls display the EZ-link logo. Please see&nbsp;<strong><a href="/files/Annex%20B%20updated%205%20May%202020.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Annex B</a></strong>&nbsp;for suggested merchants.</p>
<p>For lost SSC, please call Transitlink at 1800-2255663 immediately to report loss and to apply for a replacement SSC in order to benefit from the School Meals Programme.</p>
<p><u>Website Links<br /></u><strong>Press Release :&nbsp;</strong><a href="https://www.moe.gov.sg/news/press-releases/supporting-students-in-financial-need--school-meal-subsidies-to-continue-till-end-of-circuit-breaker-extension" target="_blank" rel="noopener">https://www.moe.gov.sg/news/press-releases/supporting-students-in-financial-need--school-meal-subsidies-to-continue-till-end-of-circuit-breaker-extension</a><br /><strong>Location of AVM :</strong>&nbsp;<a href="https://www.transitlink.com.sg/PSdetail.aspx?ty=art&amp;Id=29" target="_blank" rel="noopener">https://www.transitlink.com.sg/PSdetail.aspx?ty=art&amp;Id=29</a><br /><strong>More details on SSC loss reporting and application for replacement :</strong>&nbsp;<a href="https://www.transitlink.com.sg/PSdetail.aspx?ty=art&amp;Id=49#8" target="_blank" rel="noopener">https://www.transitlink.com.sg/PSdetail.aspx?ty=art&amp;Id=49#8</a></p>
<h4><strong>Letter to Parents (End of Semester) &amp; Joint Advisory by SPF, CNB, NCPC and NCADA for 2020 May Holidays</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li><strong><a href="/files/AISS_2020_End%20of%20Semester%20Letter%20to%20Parents%2004May.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Letter to Parents (End of Semester)</a></strong></li>
<li><strong><a href="/files/SPF-CNB%20Joint%20Advisory%20for%20May%202020.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Joint Advisory for 2020 May Holidays</a></strong></li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>HBL Briefing for Students</strong></h4>
<p><a href="/files/HBL%20Briefing%20for%20Students%20-%207%20April.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Click here for more information</a></p>
<h4><strong>Parents Letter for Full HBL from 8 April - 4 May 2020</strong></h4>
<p><a href="/files/AISS_2020_102_Parents%20Letter%20For%20Full%20HBL%20From%208%20April%20-%204%20May%202020.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Click here for more information</a></p>
<h4><strong>Announcement for Sec 2E1 &amp; 2E4 Parents / Guardians</strong></h4>
<p>Dear Parents / Guardians of students from 2E1 and 2E4,</p>
<p>Ministry of Education has made announcement for Home-Based Learning (HBL) to take place in secondary schools on Thursdays. As such, your child/ward&rsquo;s Applied Learning Programme (ALP) lessons are affected. This year, Secondary 2 students are learning to present arguments in the form of docu-drama. Through this programme, we aim to have them hone research, argumentation, presentation and storytelling skills.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Students are currently at the filming stage. 2 April was actually planned as the final day of filming for your child/ward&rsquo;s class. The filming requires students to utilise the school&rsquo;s iPads. As the HBL implementation affects 2E1 and 2E4&rsquo;s lessons, we have arranged for a make-up session&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>2E1 on&nbsp;<strong>Friday, 3 April 2020 from 1pm &ndash; 2.15pm</strong>.&nbsp;</li>
<li>2E4 on&nbsp;<strong>Monday, 6 April 2020 from 3pm &ndash; 4pm.</strong></li>
</ul>
<p>Proper measures will be taken to ensure students&rsquo; safety. We hope to seek your understanding and co-operation in this matter.<br />Thank you.</p>
<h4><strong>Parent Resource Kit for HBL</strong></h4>
<p>Dear Parents / Guardians,</p>
<p>From 1 Apr 2020, schools will progressively transit to a blended learning model, starting with one day of Home-Based Learning (HBL) a week. Our students are familiar with HBL, as our school conducts it two times a year.</p>
<p>This issue of Parent Kit provides tips on how you can support your child&rsquo;s HBL and addresses some of your concerns. Join MOE&rsquo;s Facebook Live Session, &ldquo;Ask Me Anything About&hellip; Home-Based Learning&rdquo; on 1 April 2020, 8pm, to learn more about what HBL really means and the role you can play in your child&rsquo;s HBL.</p>
<p>Click on the link below to RSVP.<br /><a href="https://bit.ly/moe-amaa-hbl" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://bit.ly/moe-amaa-hbl&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1585821369498000&amp;usg=AFQjCNGG47aa9oj9t97nEjslDAPTpEOjeg">bit.ly/moe-amaa-hbl</a></p>
<p>For more information, <strong><a href="/files/Resource%20Kit%20-%20HBL.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener">click here for the Parent Resource Kit for HBL</a></strong></p>
<h4><strong>Parent Letter for Weekly HBL</strong></h4>
<p><a href="/files/AISS_2020_101%20Parents%20Letter%20for%20Weekly%20HBL.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Click here for more information</a></p>
<h4><strong>First day of School briefing for Term 2</strong></h4>
<p><a href="/files/First%20day%20of%20school%20briefing%20Term%202%202020_compressed.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Click here for more information</a></p>