---
title: Ordinary Miracles
permalink: /ordinary-miracles
description: ""
---
<p><iframe class="ive_eobj_center" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/0nOnZaA-rvg" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"></iframe><span style="color: #000000; font-size: large;"><br />Introduced in 2014, it has become an AI tradition for students to recollect significant moments that touched them in the year. We call it Ordinary Miracles@AI. It gives students the opportunity to express what they appreciate of the school, teachers and classmates.<br /><br />Ordinary Miracles@AI could be amazing accomplishments by individuals, teams and classes. They are also cherished memories of school events like OLE, and the moment of pride winning a class competition. Or times when teachers and students are inspired by the team work and class spirit shown during inter-class games, Sports Carnival, Community Day and Green Day. More often than not, the ordinary miracles we love are the simple, ordinary things we do in our daily interactions that touch a heart, enlighten the minds and bring laughter to all. What we call - Little things with huge significance and deep impact. Frequently, students would write about the heartfelt sharing during class Circle Time, a kind gesture of care from teachers and classmates, and of course, the warm feeling of family as the class partakes in the well-loved Breakfast with Form Teachers. Ordinary Miracles@AI are about people and relationships.<br /><br />So, as you browse the school website, enter our world and celebrate the ordinary miracles with us. This collection of ordinary miracles tells of who we are and what makes&nbsp;<strong>AI EXTRAORDINARY</strong>...</span></p>